>> Jen Kramer: Time for a pop quiz.
Yay!
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, so
I am looking at the course website.
This is the HTML page of that.
Remember the course website's
frontendmasters.github.io/bootcamp.
We are looking at the very
top of this document.
So somebody tell me again, what is HTML?
>> Speaker 3: Hypertext.
>> Speaker 4: Markup language.
>> Jen Kramer: Hypertext markup language.
You guys gotta say it louder.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Jen Kramer: Be proud.
Hypertext markup language.
Does that have anything to
do with how things look?
>> Speaker 2: No.
>> Jen Kramer: No!
Where is any of the look that we're
working with right now coming from?
>> Speaker 5: The browser.
>> Jen Kramer: The web browser!
It's built into the web browser.
Okay, we could override it with CSS.
We're gonna do that later.
All right, tag.
What is a tag?
If you don't know what a tag
is give me examples of tags.
>> Speaker 6: Paragraph.
>> Jen Kramer: Paragraph tag.
>> Speaker 7: Tag,
>> Jen Kramer: Tag.
>> Speaker 6: I was gonna sat it
identifies a portion of the text.
>> Jen Kramer: That's
actually the definition.
Yes, it's identifying portions
of the document, right?
This is a heading, this is a paragraph,
this is a list, this is a link.
Good.
We talked about the browser
display of HTML already.
What is that weirdo banged up type thing?
What is that?
>> Speaker 8: HTML5.
>> Jen Kramer: This is indicating our
document type, which is often HTML5.
We have two parts of our HTML document,
the head and the body.
Which part actually displays
things on the webpage itself?
>> Speaker 8: Body.
>> Jen Kramer: The body.
What does the head do?
>> Speaker 8: It shows the, in the tab.
>> Jen Kramer: There's the title it shows
in the tab, and everything else is all
about the programming and
stuff the browser needs to know.
What's an element?
I haven't actually introduced that
term yet, so if you look lost,-
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Jen Kramer: An element is kind of
the same thing as a tag, okay,
so an HTML element an HTML tag,
we often use those words interchangeably.
An attribute, what's another,
what is an attribute?
If you don't know what it
is give me an example.
>> Speaker 4: Href.
>> Jen Kramer: Href is an attribute, good.
>> Speaker 6: They're like arguments
to tags, the extra things that you-
>> Jen Kramer: The computer
science explanation is that
they're arguments to the tags.
Very well done.
The English version is
they're descriptions,
additional descriptions in that tag.
So, not to pick on
the computer scientists.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH].
>> Jen Kramer: That is exactly true,
they are arguments to tags.
But they are descriptions of something
more we need to know about the tag,
and the classic example
is the A tag itself.
A by itself does nothing,
we need href in order to go somewhere.
>> Speaker 9: Do they
follow the same format,
like you have href =, and then the code's-
>> Jen Kramer: Yes,
all of our attributes will follow that
same, and we're gonna get more into
attributes as we go through the bootcamp,
but as we start off, we keep it simple.
Okay, so here on this HTML page,
you're gonna find lots and
lots of examples for
what we've already covered here.
So you'll see, we have paragraphs, we have
headings, and we have our unordered lists,
our list item, our ordered lists.
Some things I haven't talked about yet,
which I'm going to talk about here,
momentarily, images, and so forth.
So there's lots of stuff in here for
you to read and refer back to.
Some of you,
on the Slack chat, online, mentioned
that you might be a little bit behind.
Don't worry about it,
you're doing just fine.
Everybody's doing great work.
You can always refer to this document.
All that my purpose of what I'm talking
about here today is to introduce each one
of these tags and use it in our webpage.
Okay, so
that's all we're doing here today.
If you get behind in what exactly I'm
doing, don't worry about it so much.
It's all right here in this document, and
you can take a look at what's going on,
and catch up.